This scenery takes me back.
I'm absolutely bawling.
Magnificent!
They've built such a beautiful village
in this primitive stone world.
I want the sea. the mountains.
this village... everything!
You can't have it!
It's our village.
Welcome home!
Senku!
Chrome!
Those people. like Chrome and Kohaku.
are not of the 21st century. correct?
Yeah.
They're descendants of the people who escaped
the petrification beam
thousands of years ago.
A whole band of rare characters.
I see.
All this time...
But if you were the one who made the
revival fluid. how did you wake up. Senku?
I don't know.
but apparently he counted seconds
like crazy without ever going to sleep.
And then. after continuous
exposure to nitric acid...
Senku! Senku!
Senku. let's play!
All right. all right.
Hey. Ryusui.
Come.
We'll show you around Ishigami Village.
Senku gathered people here to
help him fight against Tsukasa.
who was the most powerful militarily.
And he succeeded in building
the Kingdom of Science.
And now. he's trying to save his
former enemy. Tsukasa. too. Is that it?
Yeah.
To that end. Senku's trying to
go to the source of the light.
To the other side of the world.
And he's going to revive all of
humanity. starting with Tsukasa.
Then one thing you're absolutely going
to need is a captain to steer a ship.
In other words. you want
my help. at all costs!
Am I right?
When'd he get up there?
Yo. you guys!
Quit grumbling and help me out.
The ship's going to be done
while you're standing around.
Awesome.
That insanely complicated-looking
ship Senku-chan designed
is slowly starting to take shape.
Man. I can't believe I'm
going overseas! I'm so excited.
South America. huh?
I had never been there.
even in the 21st century.
To the unknown!
Be strong. everyone!
Not that I'd ever go.
Kinro...
You're unbelievably scummy.
Either way. we need to start this massive
ship. or no one's going anywhere.
We're gonna get this done while
Senku's gang is out looking for fuel!
And Senku went into the sky to find fuel!
Oh. Senku.
Good work on the balloon test flight.
I'm glad it went well.
It got a bit hairy at one point. though.
Well. then. we're fighting on
two fronts now: land and sea.
We'll search like hell
from both above and below.
And once we get the king of fuel that is oil.
we can go anywhere we want.
even to the other side of the planet.
Are you up to the task. gifted captain?
Who do you think you're asking?
I can take you anywhere
with these arms of mine!
The petrification beam.
the future of humanity...
Anything you want will be ours.
I want everything in this stone
world—this new world!
Many thanks to these beautiful
women for the hospitality!
Oh. you! Would you really
call us beautiful women?
Holy crap. what is this?!
This is way too fancy!
It's a feast!
To welcome Ryusui and celebrate Senku's
triumphant return to Ishigami Village.
Grilled Fish
Grilled Fish Soup
Grilled Fish Salad
Grilled Fish Dessert
Grilled Fish... Something
Jasper. Turquoise. how'd you
do keeping the old fogies safe?
Not a single battle.
I wish we'd at least had a bear to fight.
Then we could've had some meat.
We've had fish for every meal
the past few months.
Senku...
How long are we staying in this village?
Dunno.
Until we find oil. A year? Two years?
We'll find it!
And food. too! From the sky!
No matter. no matter.
no matter. no matter what!
That's some absolute conviction.
I've been thinking lately that being greedy
isn't a bad thing in this kind of world.
Yeah. we're lucky to have him.
No matter what.
You got this. pilot.
I'm really. really flying right now!
You gotta stop freaking
out like a child. lioness.
Get to work.
I-I'm not freaking out!
And I'm not a lioness!
I haven't heard that one in a while!
He's right. though.
We're depending on your eyesight. Kohaku.
Otherwise. I would have
wanted to go with him.
The ground search team is important. too.
Will we find this so-called
"oil" from the sky that easily?
It's not impossible.
But luck and hope aren't science.
We'll coordinate with the
ground team using our cell phones
and survey the terrain until we find
the Sagara Oil Fields we're after.
We're building a map of the new
world with these very eyes.
11.0 eyesight
Could that forest over there be it?
Food?!
That's a cedar forest.
Leave this to the resource king!
I know how to get there. too.
That's a treasure trove
of construction materials.
We're gonna mark treasures on our
map like we're making a game map!
Discovered!
Cedar Forest
This is getting pretty fun.
Wanna work with Chrome to find
some mines along the way?
That'd be great.
That'd be great. too. but...
Food!
What's that?
It's moving.
A herd of wild animals!
You can always trust a
sailor's gut instincts.
Found it.
We found an old one that looks to
have been separated from the rest.
It's a herd of feral goats.
Sorry.
Maybe this is hypocritical. but I'll make
sure none of your meat goes to waste.
Discovered!
Herd of Goats
Sagara Oil Fields
Cedar Forest
Mount Fuji
Look at this!
I've never seen such a detailed map.
Now do you see how much data
you can get from the sky?
With a food map. you won't have to be
stuck on such dreadful fish dishes...
Science really is wonderful.
If we have this. we might never have to
see anyone starve to death anymore.
Hey. we haven't had a bad
fishing year in a long time now.
Stop it. You're ruining dinner.
The reason Ishigami Village never grew...
The reason the survivors
of humanity never grew...
was due to food shortages.
Am I right?
Before I was born.
the village was a lot bigger.
But a lot of people died when
there was a year of bad fishing.
including all of Turquoise's family.
So we were told.
There's only so much
fishing that can be done.
If we want to grow. we'll need agriculture.
That. in fact. was the
conspiracy of the plants.
Some even say that's how
they enslaved humanity.
Is it humanity's goal to grow in number?
Do all living things exist to multiply?
Only God knows the answer to that.
And I don't give a rat's ass about God!
I only care about not having to see
the tears of such beautiful women!
I'm the greediest man on Earth. you see.
We're going to search for seeds from above.
Here we go. Senku.
Agriculture!
Yeah. totally. Once we start agriculture.
we'll have created a food market.
and your wallet's gonna explode!
Currency
acquired!!
You're on to me!
I don't know if you're benevolent or evil.
Gen was pretty bad. but Ryusui's even worse.
He's just the greediest man on Earth.
I'm sure he just doesn't
want to give up on anything.
For himself or for anyone else.
What are you talking about?
What's this weed growing by the water
that you say Kohaku found from above?
Ryusui. you don't need to bark
at me. We'll need it anyway.
We'll need long-lasting. light food that
we can take to the other side of the world.
We're gonna have to make a crap-ton.
It's growing over there!
Golden foxtail!
This area's rich enough that
a herd of goats can live here.
There's plenty growing on its own.
We just need to look for it.
Discovered!
Wheat
Wheat!
For baking!
Yeah.
From now on. we're going
to grow our own food.
Grown by humanity's hand.
We're gonna look for the source
of the petrification beam.
It's going to be a long.
Age of Discovery-style journey.
We're going to need a stupid
amount of preserved food.
I want it.
I want the ultimate preserved food...
I want bread!
If we don't have bread. we just
need to make some out of wheat.
Brioche!
Brioche!!
Sfogliatella!
Sfogliatella!!
Pain au chocolat!
Pain au chocolat!!
What are those?
Special attack moves?
Brioche!
B
r
i
o
c
h
e
Who's going to make all that bougie bread?
I told you we're making preserved food.
We're making biscuits.
We can make all of it!
I'm the greediest man on Earth. after all.
We don't have that much wheat.
That's why we're doing agriculture.
I like it.
We humans are going to
use the power of science
to sow seeds and take care of plants.
Are we sowing seeds near this village?
It's way too mountainous here.
Drainage would be an issue.
The Kanto Plains are the way
to go for starting crops.
Taiju and his gorilla team are going
to be working their asses off.
This is my old man.
Really?!
We have a ton of statues.
Well. yeah.
We've been reassembling them
without ever reviving them.
Why don't we wake them all
up and make them work?
We can't just add a bunch of new people.
We'll run out of food.
We do have to hurry. though.
It'll get harder to repair them
once the cut parts get too old.
Food. huh?
If only I could do better
at gathering food...
Worry not!
From this moment on. we won't merely
be relying on Mother Nature's charity.
We're going to use our minds
and might to make our own food!
Yo. I'm pretty sure we're screwed.
It's too hot.
You're utter slobs!
This is our own food we're making here!
I thought it might protect
us from the sun a little.
I made it out of the wheat we have.
An agriculture spin-off.
This is amaze-balls. Yuzuriha-chan!
Is this the crown of the
leaders of agriculture?!
I never said anything like that...
Senku-chan the science king
and the sailing king Ryusui-chan
are both gone looking for oil!
Who's going to be the leader?
Who are we going to follow?
Obviously. it's gotta be the one
who's the best at making food...
In other words. the best wheat grower!
Ah. it's one of those.
I don't know if anyone's going
to be motivated by that.
Oh. yeah. I can think of two people.
Yo's Farm
Oh. dear.
Taiju-kun...
He's a problem. too. in the opposite
way that Magma and Yo are.
It's pitch black out.
Resting is part of your job. Taiju.
Thanks. Nikki.
You don't need to worry about me. though.
Taiju-kun looks happy.
Taiju-chan's got infinite
stamina and patience.
He's going to be a farming monster.
For real.
Yeah.
That's true. but...
This is my old man.
My parents died when I was a kid.
I'd do anything to bring my family back to life.
But it won't happen.
So instead. I swear I'm going to
bring back the others' families.
I'm gonna make a mountain of food
and revive the entire world.
With these tiny seeds. we can do it.
Wheat and bread are where we start!
It grew!
Taiju's Farm
It's amazing!
The wheat's packed where we sowed seeds!
Yo's Farm
Taiju's has grown huge...
Why did ours stop growing?!
Oh. you've sown seeds here. too?
I didn't notice. Sorry!
Ground-up sea shells.
I happened to remember what
Senku taught me a long time ago.
I don't know all the complicated
science behind it.
but I crushed some and spread
them around. just in case.
Ah. yeah.
Just check the condition of the soil.
Wash some morning glories.
grind them up. and soak them in paper.
Is this what I think it is?!
That thing we used in science at school?
Wait... What was it?
Like. a litmus test strip or whatever?
Magma/Yo
Taiju
Magma and Yo's dirt made the test strip red.
Mine turned purple. though.
You win. Taiju.
Wheat doesn't grow in acidic soil.
You don't know jack about the science.
but you managed to neutralize
it with the calcium.
That said. we don't even know
what variety the wheat is.
We would have had to resort to the
Kingdom of Science's special move
of trial and error. either way.
Wheat crops
acquired!!
Something's coming!
Impressive!
I'll buy all of it and feed everyone!
Hey. perfect timing.
Freshly grown. air-dropped wheat.
Not that it's done yet.
Good job. food king.
We've taken a massive
first step toward food security.
solving the most critical
problem of humanity's future.
Let's use this momentum to take on the world.
We're going to get right
to solving the mystery
of the petrification and
revive all of humanity.
This is going to be exhilarating!
Don't expect me to bake
perfectly plump bread.
I'm not a professional chef.
I'm not saying this just for
the sake of my own greed.
Quality is important.
The bread that was stocked on
ships during the Age of Discovery
was so hard and nasty that
they couldn't eat it until
they had nearly starved to death.
We could never call such a thing proper food.
All right. it's ready.
The stone world's first
stone oven-baked bread!
It's like a rock!
The crumbly texture is a lot of fun.
It's coal black. but it smells pretty good!
I heard modern people's
palates are so refined
that they sometimes die of starvation because
they can't eat the food that they have.
They taught us that in the
Self-Defense Force survival exercises.
Senku's group might be filling up on
their fluffy test bread right now!
I'm jealous. damn it!
This bread's going to kill everyone.
Am I right?
Yeah... We gotta fix this
before we head out on
the Age of Discovery voyage to
the other side of the planet.
We're gonna slap a professional chef awake!
They said. in harmony.
Next Episode
Greed Equals Justice
This is a work of fiction. but the plants.
animals. and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and. in some cases. illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.